=head1 NAME

syncer/ceos.pm -- Synchronize CEOS data with the GCIS

=head1 SYNOPSIS

   ./sync.pl --syncer=ceos --url=https://data-stage.globalchange.gov

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The CEOS syncer pulls platform, instrument and mission data using the
"download to excel" function available from L<http://database.eohandbook.com>.

It pulls missions, instruments and agencies.  It ingests missions and instruments,
as platforms and instruments.  It also associates missions and instruments with
GCIS organizations, using the CEOS agencies.

=head1 Lexicons

The CEOS syncer uses the L<ceos|http://data.globalchange.gov/lexicon/ceos> lexicon
to translate identifiers within CEOS to GCIDs.

=head1 Resources

=head2 Platforms

Platforms are extracted from L<http://database.eohandbook.com/database/missiontable.aspx>.

=head3 Scope

Platforms are excluded if their status is not "mission complete" or "currently being flown".

=head3 Identifiers

The numeric CEOS identifier for a platform is used to identify the GCID for a platform.
The short name is stored as an alternative identifier.

=head3 Fields

The following fields in GCIS are updated based on the CEOS information :

    name, url, platform_type_identifier, start_date, end_date

=head2 Instruments

Instruments are extracted from L<http://database.eohandbook.com/database/instrumenttable.aspx>.
Instruments are associated with platforms using the relationships described by CEOS.  The
association of a platform and an instrument is GCIS is called an "instrument instance", whereas
an "instrument" refers to a class of instruments.

=head2 Scope

Instruments are included unless their status is "proposed", "being developed" or "no longer considered".

=head2 Identifiers

The numeric CEOS identifier for an instrument is used to identify the instrument.  The short name is
stored as an alternative identifier.

=head3 Fields

The following fields in GCIS are updated based on the CEOS information :

    name, description (only if one does not exist), description_attribution

The description is generated from the "instrument technology" field.

=head2 Organizations

The CEOS agencies are only used if an entry for an agency exists in the GCIS.

Agencies are associated with instruments or platforms using the role "contributor".

=cut
