=head1 SYNOPSIS

   ./sync.pl --syncer=podaac --url=https://data-stage.globalchange.gov

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The PODAAC syncer pulls dataset information from JPL's L<Physical Oceanography DAAC|http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov>,
using the public L<opensearch API|http://podaac.jpl.nasa.gov/ws/search/dataset/>.

It pulls metadata for datasets, and associates platforms and instruments with GCIS platforms and instruments.
It also associates lists the PODAAC as the archive for each dataset (using the L<GCID|http://data.globalchange.gov/organization/physical-oceanography-distributed-active-archive-center> for PODAAC).

=head1 Lexicons

The PODAAC syncer uses the L<podaac|http://data.globalchange.gov/lexicon/podaac> lexicon to
translate identifiers within PODAAC to GCIDs.

=head1 Resources

=head1 Datasets

=head2 Scope

Metadata for all of the PODAAC datasets are pulled into the GCIS.

=head2 Identifiers

The identifier for a PODAAC dataset is formed by using the shortName field from the PODAAC
metadata.  The short names are prepended with "nasa-podaac" (some already start with "podaac",
in which case only "nasa" is prepended).

=head2 Fields

The following fields are populated based on the PODAAC fields :

    name, description, description_attribution, native_id, url, lat/lon + min/max, start/end time, release_dt

The platform and sensor names are looked up in the GCIS lexicon table to find
GCIDs for platforms and instruments respectively.  If there is a match, the dataset
is associated with the GCIS platform and instrument.

=cut



